PBM-1154 Described timeout value for backups (#128)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/reference/backup-options.md

| `lz4`                | From 1 (fastest) to 16 | 1
| `gzip` and `pgzip`   | -1 - default compression, 0 - no compression, 1 - best speed, 9 - best compression| -1

Note that the greater value you specify, the more time and computing resources it will take to compress the data.

### backup.timeouts.startingStatus

*Type*: unit32 <br>
*Default*: 33

> The wait time (in seconds) for PBM to start physical backups on all shards. Increasing this value is useful when it takes longer than usual to open the `$backupCursor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wait time (in seconds) for PBM to start physical backups on all shards. Increasing this value is useful when it takes longer than usual to start backup, for instance, due to the high load on the node
```
